The Node Desk : A full javascript CRM application. That will be functional on any OS or device including touch screen and small screen devices. The application will require a host machine to run the program. The program will have a mongoDB that stores all data. Customer,employee,companies,etc. There will be muitiple objects but link objects will feature a fully detectable option. Example creating a new user requires a company to be attached to them. The company field will auto detect while you type. If it has no match it will just let you to continue to type. When submitting the form the system  will see you added a new company instead one that exist. You will then be prompted a popup field that lets you create the company. It will also let you create the roll of that user and attach them to the company like it should. You can always create a company under the company section or visa versa. When editing/creating a company you can create a new employee and have it bring up a popup with everything for creating a new user attached to that company. This will be the same for any database objects that are linked together. There will be a full search feature that allows you to search for anything you need to in any database object. Each user will be able to have a fully custamizable application. There will be default features that will make up the look and feel of the app. The user will be able to move certain windows around and remove/add features that they feel help them in their role. There will be custom data that can be created for database objects - this data will be able to be created under everyone/groups/or personal for your own account. ( The data will showup under the fields for the company when you bring them up to edit/create a new ticket/check status. ) This can be turned of with a simple switch under your customizable menu. If you dont want to see the data created by others you can always disable it to make sure your workspace never becomes to cluttered for you. The suite will offer a full documentation/file server. You will be able to create documents to help agents with calls on certain clients. For instance you make a document on how to change an AD password. The thing is you have 10 clients that have the same procedure. The only difference is server IP/Logins/ and a few other things. You will be able to create a general document and link custom variables to the doc... Like $DMSERVERIP, $DMSUSER, $DMSPASSWORD, ETC. When you create a company there will be an option to store data/site map type information. This is where you would link the Variables. You would create a section for their domain controller - you would add an ip field,passoword,username. You can then link those variables to the fields you created for your company. You link the document and now all relevent information will be there for your agents. ( agents also will have all documents you link to a company right under the company field when they are making a new ticket ) The software will feature a fully intergraded LDAP configuration that will let you control passwords and groups via AD/ or other ldap services. This will also be able to be turned off. Full authentication that most likely will offer some type of token authentication if you add users to the token group - ( like billing users,managers, people that store sensetive information in the software ) a fully offline cache mode that will detect and upload changes when back online. ( Overwrite detection as well... will add versions if the file you uploaded was updated before you came back online ) Feature an entire portal for clients to log into and manage their company. See tickets,edit employees,etc... Will have roles that can be setup on certain accounts that give users more access into their company.... (Highest role of course allowing them to decide who can manage what,etc ) 

The main goal of this project is offering a fluid layout that will offer everything on one page.... For instance when you create a new ticket and assign it to the correct company - the page changes to include all of the company information. Like employees,documents,etc. This will all be in tabbed sections that can now be pulled up by just clicking on the tabs. The suite will offer full keyboard shortcut option to control everything faster. 

The app will feature a fully intergraded API and a extension added to add extra features onto the application not orginally there. like looks or other things. <-- Hopfull thinking. 

billing system for billing clients hourly,managed. The information will be stored and will be able to be attached to clients... So an Agent can create a ticket with tracked time - The billing for that ticket will be automaticly caculated according to what is attached to their file... (Can even change billing according to ticket status,etc )  Servers are billed at a higher rate,etc. 

all menu features will be able to be turned off.. Everysingle one. First/last name learner. As your database grows with new names a feature that can help touchscreen devices is to bring up names as you type in information. This will help so you don't have to type as much. There will also be a full template feature offered behind ticket statuses/documentation. You will be able to say you used a certain doc to troubleshoot the client and all the basic troubleshooting info is placed into the ticket... where you can even attached default or custom variables like $user $company,etc to still make sure the auto generated ticket is personable,etc. When this happens all information is put into the text field that lets you edit the ticket... ( Appended if you already started the ticket) You can edit any part at this point as well.

You can also make auto templates pull up when pulling up certain documents or ticket statuses so your Agents don't forget information... If you always need to get a Serial number and more information. It can be placed in the template - Or even new hardcoded text fields above your text box can be placed... so once you put a ticket in the hardware status new fields show up like serial number / mac address / etc - Of course a more specific status normally would be setup like hardware - Iphone or hardware - Computer.

